Subscribing and Configuring Initial Access to SAP Integration Suite On this page Prerequisites Procedure Subscribe to the SAP Integration Suitein SAP BTP cockpit and assign the Integration_Provisioner role to gain access. Prerequisites You’ve created a subaccount in your assigned global account using the SAP BTP cockpit and added the desired service plans for Integration Suite to the subaccount. For more information on service plans, see SAP Discovery Center - Integration Suite. Procedure In the navigation area of the subaccount, choose Services Service Marketplace. • • 1.Search for Integration Suite and choose Create on the overview page. In the New Instance or Subscription dialog box, select the Plan and choose Create. Wait for the subscription to complete successfully. Note For different plans see the SAP Note 2903776. Check the status of the submission in the subscriptions section on the Instances and Subscriptions page. If the subscription is successful, you notice the status of the Integration Suite shown as Subscribed. You must have specific roles to access theIntegration Suite. To assign these roles navigate to Security Users. Choose Create to add a new user. Tip If the user details exist already in the subaccount, you can skip this step and continue from here. Enter the User Name and E-Mail, and choose Create. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.Choose the user . 7.On the right-hand panel, scroll to the Role Collections section 8.Choose Additional Options and choose Assign Role Collection. Note In some cases, the Integration_Provisioner role is assigned automatically. 9.In the resulting dialog box, choose the checkbox for the Integration_Provisioner role collection and choose Assign Role Collection. Navigate to Services Instances and Subscription and then select the instance of the application. Choose Go to Application to launch the Integration Suite home page. For more information, see Working with Integration Suite Home. Tip Clear your web browser cache and cookies before navigating to Go to Application.To access the application, you'll need the correct authorization. If you try to enter without it, you'll be asked to assign the necessary role. If you're still unable to access the application after role assignment, simply log out and then log back into the SAP BTP cockpit. This should grant you access to the application. Tip To remain informed and receive timely notifications about planned and unplanned downtime, customer communications, and maintenance announcements, we recommend you maintain your contact information via Cloud System Notification Subscriptions (CSNS). For more information, see Cloud Availability Center & Cloud System Notification Subscriptions. 10. 11. 12.