What is SAP Integration Suite? On this page Environment Features Capabilities Pricing and Resources Related Information Simplify and accelerate enterprise integration. SAP Integration Suite is an industry-leading and enterprise-grade integration platform-as-aservice that helps businesses seamlessly connect and integrate their applications, data, and processes within their organization and beyond. A starter collection of pre-built, best-practice integration packs helps integration developers achieve faster time to value. Execute the integration content on the Business Technology Platform or within your private landscape. Tip The English version of this guide is open for contributions and feedback using GitHub. This allows you to get in contact with responsible authors of SAP Help Portal pages and the development team to discuss documentation-related issues. To contribute to this guide, or to provide feedback, choose the corresponding option on SAP Help Portal: FeedbackCreate issue: Provide feedback about a documentation page. This option opens an issue on GitHub. FeedbackEdit page: Contribute to a documentation page. This option opens a pull request on GitHub. You need a GitHub account to use these options. More information: Contribution Guidelines Introduction Video: Open Documentation Initiative Blog Post: Introducing the Open Documentation Initiative Tip Contextual help is available for some screens of the SAP Integration Suite. To activate this help, from the top toolbar, choose Help. A panel with help topics opens alongside your current screen to your right. You will also find green Help icons on the screen. Choose these icons to know more about the associated element. Environment This service runs in the SAP BTP, Cloud Foundry environment. • • • • • • • • • •Features Build Integration Scenarios Discover, design, and operate scenarios for end-to-end process integration with Cloud Integration. Manage APIs Discover, protect, govern, and publish APIs to developers with API Management and Graph. Ensure that your APIs comply with best-practice security policies. Manage Business Events Publish and consume business events to seamlessly connect applications through eventdriven architecture. Extend Non-SAP Connectivity Connect to non-SAP cloud applications from your integration scenarios with Open Connectors. Implement Interfaces and Mappings Design interfaces and mappings using crowdsourcing and machine learning with Integration Advisor. Manage Trading Partners Design and operate business-to-business scenarios with Trading Partner Management. Provide Integration Technology Guidance Define, document, and govern your integration strategy powered by ISA-M with Integration Assessment. Assess Migration Scenarios Estimate the migration effort for SAP Process Orchestration scenarios with Migration Assessment. Run Hybrid Integrations Manage APIs and process integration scenarios within your own private landscapes. Capabilities Capabilities Description Cloud IntegrationIntegrate SAP and non-SAP, cloud, and on-premise applications and process messages in real-time scenarios spanning different companies, organizations, or departments within one organization. API ManagementCapabilities Description Graph Get access to simple, scalable, and secure digital assets through application programming interfaces (APIs) and consume these. Expose all your business data in the form of a semantically connected data graph, accessed via a single unified and powerful API. Open ConnectorsBuild seamless integrations with over 160 non-SAP applications using prebuilt connectors. Integration Advisor Accelerate the development of business-oriented interfaces and mappings, generate runtime artifacts quickly, and significantly reduce efforts. Trading Partner Management Manage B2B relationships with multiple trading partners through this easyto-use user interface that helps simplify the B2B communication between trading partners. Integration Assessment Define integration landscape, based on the Integration Solution Advisor Methodology. Migration Assessment Assess your existing integration scenarios to migrate them to SAP Integration Suite. For more information on the connectivity options, see Connectivity Options. Note Read the SAP Note 2903776 to understand the service plans offered for SAP Integration Suite. You also find information on the supported feature sets for each service plans. For SAP Integration Suite, the free service plan is available. For more information, see Using Free Service Plans. Pricing and Resources Check out the following resources: For more information on the available service plans and the pricing, see SAP Integration Suite in SAP Discovery Center. Get access to SAP Integration Suite community, Pricing models and all the technical resources, tutorials, blogs, and support you need: Integration Platform as a Service. For more information on how usage information is recorded for billing and other cost assessments, see SAP Note 2942344 . Related Information Connectivity Options • • •