What Is Edge Integration Cell Edge Integration Cell is an optional hybrid integration runtime offered as part of SAP Integration Suite, which enables you to manage APIs and run integration scenarios within your private landscape. The hybrid deployment model of Edge Integration Cell enables you to: Design and monitor your integration content in the cloud. Deploy and run your integration content in your private landscape. To learn more about how hybrid deployment works using Edge Integration Cell, see Hybrid Deployment Using Edge Integration Cell. To compare hybrid deployment with the standard deployment model of SAP Integration Suite, see Standard Deployment in the Cloud. Edge Integration Cell supports the following use cases: Security or compliance use cases In many enterprises, sensitive data must be managed and controlled inside the enterprise's firewall. In addition, there could be strict architectural restrictions and you want to keep your data within your private landscape. Getting a migration path for SAP Process Integration customers SAP Process Integration is used by many customers for ground-to-ground integration scenarios. Edge Integration Cell allows these customers to benefit from the newest innovations that come with SAP Integration Suite, with the option to design and monitor integration content in the cloud, and deploy and run their scenarios exclusively in their private landscapes. Note If you want to use integration flows to integrate your on-premise applications, you can use SAP Process Orchestration in addition to SAP Integration Suite. SAP Integration Suite comes with a set of runtime profiles that make sure that the integration flow editor allows you to design only those features that are supported by the runtime components of a specific SAP Process Orchestration release. For more information, see Runtime Profiles. However, this option requires you to install a separate product, SAP Process Orchestration, for processing and monitoring messages. Using Edge Integration Cell, you can manage all tasks – from integration design up to processing and monitoring the scenario – within one service: SAP Integration Suite. In both cases, we recommend using a hybrid integration approach for enterprise-wide connectivity. • • • •For more information about the supported features and limitations of Edge Integration Cell, see Edge Integration Cell Runtime Scope. Related Information Standard Deployment in the Cloud Hybrid Deployment Using Edge Integration Cell Technical Landscape (Edge Integration Cell) Edge Integration Cell Runtime Scope